From ancient times, Jehovah's people have had established places of worship.
That pattern has continued down to our time.
Today, we meet in Kingdom Halls around the world.
It's here that we receive spiritual refreshment and direction through Jehovah's organization.
And it's here that we enjoy encouraging association with our brothers and sisters.
But our Kingdom Halls do something else.
They are centers for pure worship in the local communities.
In Indonesia, where I live,
our congregation invited local government officials and neighbors to an open house of our Kingdom Hall prior to the dedication.
The mayor attended and he was impressed by the quality of the building, its functionality, and its beautiful garden.
He said, the cleanliness of this hall reflects your true faith.
That comment made us feel so proud to be serving our God, Jehovah.
Experiences like these remind us never to take our places of worship for granted.
So how can we personally show Jehovah our gratitude for our Kingdom Halls?
When our Kingdom Halls are kept clean and tidy, it reflects the qualities and personality of the God we worship, a God of order.
Regular cleaning also helps protect the health of all those attending.
Additionally, regular maintenance helps prolong the existence of the building itself.
While congregations primarily are responsible for maintenance,
LDC representatives can assist where needed and train others how to care for inspections and repairs safely.
Remember, one should never do any risky work at the Kingdom Hall alone.
And always follow safety instructions.
When problems are identified early, they can be corrected with less time and money.
We honor Jehovah when we use donated resources wisely.
Much as we do when making donations in the first place.
In Bible times, when funds were needed to renovate the house of Jehovah, many happily responded.
Whether they had little or much, they donated generously.
Our Kingdom Halls are more than just buildings.
They are places of worship dedicated to Jehovah.
And by caring for them, in the best way we can,
we show love for our brothers, new ones, and most of all, Jehovah.
The one who lovingly provides his people with beautiful places of worship.